So before we wrap everything up and this curse Let's wrap up what we learned in this section on the
second part of easy to or Elastic Compute club from AWOS.
So in this section we learned how to describe easy to instances to describe easy to instances.
We implemented our own method passing in our instance ID and with that instance ID we could describe
easy to instances but instead we implemented a blank easy to instance method describe easy to instance
method actually to describe every instance on our account on that region on a date with us.
And then we learned how to modify a running easy to instance on a table with us by changing the API
termination disabling.
And after that we learned how to start and easy to instance after discovering how to start and easy
to instance we learned how to stop that easy to instance using both three and Python.
And finally we learned how to terminate completely shut down and eventually be deleted from A W-S.
That's the termination behavior on AWOS and we learned how to do that.
And this is a quite valuable information on managing easy to and there are some resources on a W-S.
I think you added quite a knowledge to your base in this section and to wrap things up wrap the whole
course up and see what we learned and you achieved that actually in this course.
I'll be seeing you on the next section.